Enable Windows OVS Container to run on pristine Host Environment (#5440)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/windows.md

```

Since Antrea 1.13, you can deploy both antrea-agent and antrea-ovs Windows DaemonSets
with containerd runtime by applying file `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml`.If the

> user wants to use an unsigned OVS kernel driver , it must be pre-installed on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user wants to use an unsigned OVS kernel driver, it must be pre-installed on the
```

host before applying the `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml` file

> using the `Install-OVS.ps1` script as below:

Reviewer 2: what does the "host" refer to here? Every worker Node in the cluster?

These are the steps a user would follow:
1) apply `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml`
2) prepare windows worker Node (that includes installing OVS if needed)
3) add windows worker Node

So the following instruction:

> If the user wants to use an unsigned OVS kernel driver, it must be pre-installed on the host before applying the `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml` file

doesn't make sense to me.

-------

This is what the documentation should look like IMO:
- remove the added content from this section (just ask the user to apply `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml`)
- modify section `1. (Optional) Install OVS (provided by Antrea or your own)` below to add the necessary information. User will always apply the manifest first, but they need to _prepare_ Windows Nodes correctly before _joining_ them to the cluster.

> using the `Install-OVS.ps1` scriptn as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `Install-OVS.ps1` script as below:
```

```

Since Antrea 1.13, you can deploy both antrea-agent and antrea-ovs Windows DaemonSets
with containerd runtime by applying file `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml`.If the 
user wants to use an unsigned OVS kernel driver , it must be pre-installed on the 
host before applying the `antrea-windows-containerd-with-ovs.yml` file
using the `Install-OVS.ps1` script 
as below:

```powershell
.\Install-OVS.ps1 -InstallUserspace $false
```

> The following commands download the manifest, set kubeAPIServerOverride, and deploy

Reviewer 3: This github action failed:
Go / Verify docs and spelling (pull_request)

Reviewer 3: Also, there are two commits in your PR, please address it.

kubectl apply -f -
```

> 

Reviewer 3: It's better to move this part to line 209, and we can guide the user on how to run Install-OVS.ps1 to only install the unsigned OVS driver.

Reviewer 2: I agree that the current version is too confusing. This information should be provided to users _before_ they try to apply the yaml to deploy the DaemonSet.

> The above commands also install the signed OVS driver.

This is also confusing. Our upstream Windows Docker image does not include a signed OVS driver, so it seems that this case would never apply to an OSS user reading this documentation?

Author: I have made the required changes in the docs

> > Note: The above commands also install the signed Ovs driver.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> Note: The above commands also install the signed OVS driver.
```

##### 1. (Optional) Install OVS (provided by Antrea or your own)

Antrea supports running OVS on Windows as native services or inside a
host-process container. If you have an OVS package with a signed kernel

> driver and want to run OVS inside container, you can skip this step.

Reviewer 2: The OVS package ships as part of the container image, right? So how do users know which one they have?

Reviewer 4: The truth is antrea has delivered an image with unsigned driver as we mentioned later. But if user is using their own image, it may be packaged with a signed driver?

Author: Yes , if user wants to use their own image and it has a signed driver , they do not need to run the install-ovs script on the worker node

kubectl apply -f -
```

> > Note: The above commands also install the signed OVS driver.

Reviewer 3: Is this information duplicated now?

Author: Removed

```

If you want to containerize OVS for containerd runtime, OVS userspace processes are
not run on the host. If you want to use an unsigned OVS kernel driver, it must be

> pre-installed on the worker node before joining the node to cluster. hence , you need to

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
pre-installed on the worker node before joining the node to cluster. Hence, you need to
```

> pre-installed on the worker node before joining the node to cluster. Hence , you need to

Reviewer 5: not resolved

run the `Install-OVS.ps1` script to install only the driver like this:

```powershell
.\Install-OVS.ps1 -InstallUserspace $false
```

> If you want to containerize OVS and use a signed OVS kernel driver, you don't need to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to containerize OVS with a signed OVS kernel driver, you can skip this step.
```

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should refine the total section, e.g.,
```
Antrea supports running OVS on Windows as native services or inside a
host-process container. If you have an OVS package with a signed kernel
 driver and want to run OVS inside container, you can skip this step.

Antrea provides a pre-built OVS package which contains test-signed OVS kernel
driver. If you don't have a self-signed OVS package and just want to try the
Antrea on Windows, this package can be used for testing. We also provide a helper
script `Install-OVS.ps1` to install the OVS driver and register userspace binaries
as services. 

If you want to containerize OVS with an unsigned kernel driver, you must
pre-install the driver on the worker node before joining cluster. Hence, 
you need to run the `Install-OVS.ps1` script to install only the driver like this:
...

If you want to run OVS as Windows native services, you can run the script like this,
Install-OVS.ps1 -ImportCertificate $false -Local -LocalFile <PathToOVSPackage>
..
[Test-only] First, if you are using test-signed driver ...

```

    After the Windows Node reboots, there will be stale network resources which
    need to be cleaned before starting antrea-agent.

* Enure OVS services are running.

>     this script starts OVS services on the node if they are not running. This step

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    This script starts OVS services on the Node if they are not running. This step
```

    After the Windows Node reboots, there will be stale network resources which
    need to be cleaned before starting antrea-agent.

* Ensure OVS services are running.

    This script starts OVS services on the Node if they are not running. This step
    needs to be skipped in case of OVS containerization. Hence, you need to specify

>     the parameter RunOVSServices as false by executing the command

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    the parameter `RunOVSServices` as false.
```

>     `.\Prepare-AntreaAgent.ps1 -RunOVSServices $false`.

Reviewer 4: We always use "```powershell ```" to quote the powershell code block rather than "`"

    After the Windows Node reboots, there will be stale network resources which
    need to be cleaned before starting antrea-agent.

* Ensure OVS services are running.

    This script starts OVS services on the Node if they are not running. This step
    needs to be skipped in case of OVS containerization. Hence, you need to specify

>     tthe parameter `RunOVSServices` as false.

Reviewer 2: s/tthe/the
